---
title: making a blog
subtitle: why I'm making a blog, what I want to do with the website, and the struggles of expressing my creativity
date: 2026-07-05
---

when i tried applying for [navlink ads](https://dimden.dev/navlinkads), i was (seemingly) rejected. thats when i realized that i needed more to my site, so i added this blog. but in doing that it has also made me think about what makes my website unique, and what about me can i add to my website. i have dj sets, an archive of awesome youtube playlists, a minecraft server, a simple about page, a cool landing page - but then i realized, this is all i have. i'm not scared perse of what i want to put on my site. you, the reader, have no clue who i am and i don't have to really worry about my identity in a public way, so i can put whatever i want on my site. i have a love for a lot of things, old tech, music, weather - but for me it's very hard to put on a website my ways of liking these things. for example i tried recreating the wii weather channel in html, which i'm still doing but slowly , _because_ of the fact that it got really boring - it's not who i really want to show on my site. it's cool, sure, but it's not what i want. i dont really know what i want on my site specifically, but i do know i want that feeling you get when you click on one of those navlink ads and feel someone's true personality and creativeness poured out onto a canvas. it's a true form of art, and i'd like to try my best at it. thats why im thinking of adding new stuff to the site, what? i don't know. it's been 211 days since i put this website up, and not a lot has changed. have ideas? email me: [markob@markob.dev](mailto:markob@markob.dev). thanks for reading.
